Former President Trump recently stated that Saudi Prince Mohammed bin Salman 'knew nothing' about the murder of journalist Jamal Khashoggi. This claim comes despite considerable evidence suggesting otherwise, including multiple investigations into the incident.
Former President Trump stated that the Saudi prince 'knew nothing' about the murder of journalist Jamal Khashoggi, despite existing evidence suggesting otherwise, according to [src].
In a recent statement, former President Trump asserted that the Saudi prince was unaware of journalist Jamal Khashoggi's murder, despite conflicting evidence to the contrary. This declaration has raised eyebrows among international observers.
Former President Donald Trump stated that the Saudi prince 'knew nothing' about the murder of journalist Jamal Khashoggi, despite existing evidence suggesting otherwise. This claim has drawn significant attention given the ongoing discussions about accountability and transparency in the region.
In a recent statement, former President Trump claimed that the Saudi prince was unaware of the murder of journalist Jamal Khashoggi, despite substantial evidence to the contrary. This assertion raises questions about the ongoing diplomatic relations between the U.S. and Saudi Arabia.
Recently, former President Donald Trump stated that the Saudi prince had 'knew nothing' about the murder of journalist Jamal Khashoggi, despite existing evidence suggesting otherwise. This statement has raised eyebrows in the political arena, considering the implications involved.
Moreover, notable figures such as Elon Musk and Cristiano Ronaldo were present at a lavish dinner honoring the Saudi royal family, which could further complicate diplomatic relations.
Former President Trump recently stated that Saudi Prince Mohammed bin Salman 'knew nothing' about the murder of journalist Jamal Khashoggi. This claim comes despite considerable evidence suggesting otherwise, including multiple investigations into the incident.
Former President Donald Trump stated that the Saudi prince 'knew nothing' about the murder of journalist Jamal Khashoggi, despite existing evidence suggesting otherwise. This claim has drawn significant attention given the ongoing discussions about accountability and transparency in the region.